Add ability to deduplicate babel helpers. (#251)
babel/ember-cli-babel: README.md

});
```

#### External Helpers

Babel often includes helper functions to handle some of the more complex logic

> in codemods. These functions are inlined by default, so they are duplicated in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in codemods. These functions are inlined at each location of use by default, so they are duplicated many times, across an application.
```

> every file that they are used in, which adds some extra weight to final builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Understandably, this adds some extra weight to final builds, scaling up in proportion to use of the related language features (decorators, for...of loops, object or array spread operator, etc...).
```

> Enabling `includeExternalHelpers` will cause Babel to import these helpers from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling `includeExternalHelpers` will cause Babel to create a shared module for these helpers
```

> a shared module, reducing app size overall. This option is available _only_ to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and import them at each call site, reducing the download/parse cost of these language features significantly. This option is available _only_ to
```
